as you know we do our show here in Los
Angeles where marijuana is legal for
recreational purposes and if you've ever
been to one of these shops you know
there are hundreds of different products
out there smokeable edibles vaping
patches you name it they make it so we
decided to have a little bit of fun with
that we went to Venice Beach and asked
people who claimed to be marijuana
enthusiasts to try something called the
incredible edible now usually edibles
will take a while about a half an hour
to again we told them this one works in
five seconds there's no such thing as an
incredible edible we made it up and in
fact what we gave them was just a
regular piece of candy it was no popular
all but did that stop them from feeling
it in five seconds or less well let's
find out in a new edition of high
witness news did you say you enjoy
marijuana yeah would you like to try a
new edible it's called the incredible
edible and what makes it incredible is
that it is an instant hot mmm enters the
bloodstream right away and you feel
something in about five seconds damn
alright
want to give it a shot yeah okay so just
pop that in I'll count you down okay and
let me know what you're feeling
so here we go one marijuana two
marijuana
three marijuana for marijuana five
okay I like the height how do you
describe the height you know a little
wavy no way so you're feeling something
mm-hmm it's definitely more of a body
high it's just kind of relaxed me I can
feel my shoulders relaxed a little bit
and just generally allows me to breathe
a little more free later it's pretty
strong why is that it cuz it's
sublingual so it's like just like
dissolving in my it's got a lot working
a lot not working a lot of active
inactive ingredients working together
yeah I'm definitely baited by feel
relaxed I oh it's actually working
quickly just like you said it went I
usually get like a 30-minute response
from inedible I can feel this going
pretty immediate yeah it's that's right
that's a very normalizing effect and I
can get that trimmer to slow down to
this that quickly you got my business
just came into perspective a little more
I can see the beach behind you looks
nice if I take a little longer for me as
I smoking
lower weed
now I feel something feel pretty good
these are strong yeah I already feel the
saliva coming out of the side of my
mouth
you can hardly taste the THC in here
it's almost non-existent yeah you can't
even taste it
now how about were you before you tried
it oh I didn't smoke at all I work at a
weed shop would you sell this at you
reach up I would want you guys to come
by and and saw this at our source how
does this compare to the edibles that
you have in your weed shop better than
all the ones that are there anything I
starting to feel a little a little
different in the body too and I'm not
bullying either for real yeah I'm not
just saying it
excuse my language bro did your parents
ever tell you never to take candy from
strangers actually yeah many times but
well the good news is that's all you
just took from a scratcher judge Danny
oh really
so I'm not even high
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment